When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

	If you would like to share the repo. Allowing others or other machines to to
	make changes

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	If git allways pulled changes without you controlling it then you would not
	know the state of your code.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use
one instead of another?

	Forks are clones on Github. They only exist on github. Cloning is the act of
	duplicating a repo. Branches are internal to a single repo and can point to
	different leaf nodes.

	Forks is used when you want to make your own repo out of someone elses public
	repo.

	Cloning is used to copy a remote repo to your own machine.

	Branches are used if you want to make a series of changes that you may or
	may not want to merge into the master branch later.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored
locally?

	if you plan to go ofline, you can fetch the latest changes to the remote
	branches so you can see them even before you merge them.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and
what would be harder?

	If you did not have github then you most likely need some other way of
	communicating a change like a patch file.

	I guess if you are doing a very small project then the overhead of setting up
	a github account becomes an annoyance.

	Bottom line is the Github has made code collaboration a whole lot easier.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly
in master? What benefits does each approach have?

	If you want your master branch to always have a high quality it makes sense
	to do development in branches and ask other people to review the code as you
	merge it into master.

	If you collaborate with other people that might be in remote locations then
	it also makes sense to have this sort of review before allowing it into
	the master branch.

	You can also benefit from branches if you are doing larger changes to your code
	the --graph will provide a nice visual for your change.



